How to Convert ER Diagrams to Tables in DBMS?

To convert ER diagrams to tables in a database management system (DBMS), follow the methods outlined below:
Step 1

Converting strong entities

    Create a separate table with about the same name for each strong object.
    If there is a composite attribute that has to be included, it must be separated into simple attributes.
    At this point, ignore multivalued characteristics.
    For the table, press the P key.

Step 2

Converting weak entity

    Create a separate table with the very same name for each weak entity.
    Include all attributes in your list.
    The weak entity includes the P key of a strong entity as a foreign key.
    Declare the weak entity’s P key as a combination of foreign key as well as decimator attribute.

Step 3

Converting one-to-one relationship

    Modify either the A or B side of each one-to-one connection, say A and B, to add the P key of the opposite side as a foreign key.
    If A or B has 100% participation, then the table should be modified.
    Include attributes in the modified table if a relationship contains them.

Step 4

Converting one-to-many relationship

    Modify the M side of each one-to-many relation to include the P key of one of the sides as a foreign key.
    If your relationships have attributes, make sure to mention them as well.

Step 5

Converting many-to-many relationship

    Create a new table for each many-to-many relationship, using the P key from the M side and the N side as foreign keys.
    Declare P for the new table’s foreign key combination.
    If your relationships have properties, insert those in the new table as well.

Step 6

Converting multivalued attributes

    Create a separate table for each multivalued attribute and use the current table’s P key as a foreign key.
    P keys are created by combining a foreign key and a multivalued attribute.

Step 7

Converting n-ary relationship

    Create a separate table for each n-ary relationship and then include the P key of all the entities as a foreign key.
    Declare the P key as a combination of foreign keys.
