1. Brain Station 23

In 2006, with little capital but a pocketful of belief, CEO, Raisul Kabir started Brain Station 23, a software company, right after graduating from BUET. They are specialist enterprise, customized web applications, and mobile software development service providers, and have been catering to the needs of both local and international clients. Moreover, Brain Station 23’s services also cover areas of ERP solutions, cloud services, artificial intelligence, machine learning, etc. Brain Station 23’s headquarter is located in Badda, Dhaka.

The company has been growing steadily since its inception, and has over 700+ professional software engineers working currently. They offer mobile software development services to both domestic and foreign clients. With partners all across the globe including Germany, USA, Norway, the Netherlands, Canada, Australia, Japan, and South Africa, Brain Station 23 offers software and IT solutions to more than 25 countries. Their client list includes the likes of Grameenphone, Citibank, British American Tobacco, Robi, and many of Bangladesh’s biggest brands. Brain Station 23 has been getting the BASIS best outsourcing organization award for over a decade now.
2. Datasoft

The first software business in Bangladesh to be certified as a CMMI Level 5 Software Development Company is DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited. Mahboob Zaman is the Managing Director of this company. Headquartered in Shyamoli, Dhaka, and employing more than 500 employees. 

Since 1998, DataSoft has had a successful track record of delivering innovative, bug-free, and cost-effective technical services to customers in both corporate and public sector undertakings. The company’s service package includes software development solutions, software testing as a service, system management and implementation, Datasoft advisory services, infrastructure as a service, and education & training. In addition to that, their products are developed maintaining ISO 9001:2008 standards. They work in many different industries like Banking and finance, Port & Logistics, Govt & Defense, SMEs & Development, Automobile, and Telecommunication. 
3. TigerIT

Headquartered in Banani, TigerIT offers complete credential management solutions to state and federal organizations. Founded in 2003, Mr. Ziaur Rahman is the CEO of TigerIT. More than 20,000 employees work at the software firm and the company has 500 ID management servers. The Automated Fingerprint Identification System and the Biometrics Program, both introduced by Tiger IT, have had a substantial influence on the nation’s security scene (AFIS). Moreover, what makes TigerIT stand is – it is one of the few software firms in the world that make AFIS-certified NIST, which is also the first in South Asia.

TigerIT offers solutions for everything from national identification, voter registration, e-passports, and border control, to driving licenses, vehicle monitoring, and many more. Additionally, TigerIT offers enterprise-grade single sign-on, identity, and access management solutions, as well as highly specialized system integration of 3rd party hardware and software with legacy systems to big businesses including banks, telecom firms, and multinational corporations.
4. BJIT

Recognized as an international leader in IT, BJIT provides premium IT solutions and services, which include remote development, outsourcing, and 360-degree project management. In 2001, JM Akbar founded BJIT Group. BJIT is ISO 9001 and CMMI Level 3 certified and employs more than 750 highly qualified engineers. They have offices all across the world in countries like Finland, Japan, the United States, Singapore, Bangladesh, Sweden, and the Netherlands. 

They have served over 50 industry-leading clients and have completed over 1000 value-creating projects. Their service includes completing outsourced software projects, designing and developing custom software, testing & quality assurance, as well as industrial engineering. The IT company specializes in enterprise and software outsourcing solutions, e-commerce, and strategic technology consulting services. This year BJIT received the prestigious Daily Star Award for businesses led by IT performance, outsourcing brand value, and reputation within and across industries.
5. Reve System

REVE Systems began its journey in 2003 and got recognized in the field of developing IT-based communication applications and devices. The company was founded by Rezaul Hassan, who is also the group CEO. They connected clients from over 78 different countries through partnerships with more than 4500 VoIP and communications service providers. Additionally, they offer VoIP Softswitch & Billing Solutions, Bandwidth Optimization, and other services. They also offer mobile OTT solutions.

In 2008, REVE relocated its corporate headquarters to Singapore and formally debuted Mobile VoIP. The new office of REVE Systems in India was inaugurated on December 14th, 2009. The billing system, “iTel Switch plus,” a switching platform with integrated billing, was released by REVE in February 2010. Middleware is one of the many peripheral and backbone infrastructure products that it also creates. Since 2015, REVE Systems has been actively collaborating with E-governance to support the Bangladeshi government.
6. Therap BD Ltd.

Therap (BD) Ltd. is a US-based software company that has been operating in Bangladesh since 2004. Richard Robins is the managing director of the company. They have a global personnel of professionals who are in charge of collaborating with different service providers and individuals to develop software-based solutions for them.

Therap offers SaaS facilities to government bodies as well as private companies globally that are designed for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. They offer their service to many countries like Canada, Nepal, Philippines, Indonesia, the Bahamas, Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, South Africa, and Tanzania. Their product covers areas like education services, health services, vocational training, and behavioral and physical therapy. They also got awarded for their contribution to society through corporate social responsibility activities.
7. LeadSoft Bangladesh Ltd

Started in 1999, LeadSoft Bangladesh Limited is considered to be one of the most renowned ICT Solution Providers in Bangladesh. Shaikh Abdul Wahid is the CEO and managing director of LeadSoft Bangladesh Ltd.

For both domestic and international markets, LeadSoft creates, develops, deploys, and maintains business application software. For the banking sector, LeadSoft offers a core banking solution (BankUltimus) for both domestic and international markets. LeadSoft provides goods, services, and solutions for non-banking financial organizations, agent banking, capital markets, life insurance, enterprise resource planning (ERP), and other industries. LeadSoft has expanded into disruptive technologies over the past several years, including blockchain, the Internet of Things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI), etc. 
8. Kaz Software

Kaz Software started as an award-winning custom software development company that started its journey in 2004. As a leading software firm, it focuses on outsourcing its services to the entire world to help develop personalized programs. The organization employs expert engineers, designers, and content professionals to provide software development and content management services to a variety of local sectors and foreign clients.

Their services consist of developing web & e-commerce applications, social, Visio-like drawing, desktop, location-based & financial calculations tools, mobile & high traffic e-commerce applications, optimization algorithms, web service interface loading, numerical data-heavy applications and many more. 
9. Bdtask Ltd

Bdtask began operations in 2012 and became a limited corporation in 2013. They currently have over 100 staff members with ten or more years of expertise. They specialize in exporting software to markets in Africa, India, Europe, the US, the UK, and Australia. Bdtask have an outstanding author profile in the Envato marketplace, are members of BASIS and EC-Council, and hold certifications for ISO 90001 and 27001.

They work with different industries like business, blockchain, hospitality, e-commerce, aviation, UI/UX, automotive, and healthcare. Bdtasks specializes in a variety of fields, which includes website, software, mobile app, theme design and development.
10. Southtech Group

Founded by Syed Mamnun Quader, Southtech Group started its operation in 1996, aiming to provide tailor-made ICT solutions as per their client requirement. The company now comprises six entities, two within Bangladesh and four overseas. Southtech Group obtained certifications for being a Microsoft Certified Solution Provider, and an ISO 9001 Certified organization, and they’re also CMMI Level 3 Approved Software Company in Bangladesh. 

They deal with financial systems, project management, process engineering, HR solutions, accounting, microfinance solutions, ERP solutions, government projects, and more. Moreover, they have provided financial and enterprise software solutions to Bhutan Development Bank, Pact Global Microfinance Fund, and BRAC.